Chapter 1 - A tale of two queens:
Told by Queen Quicksilver:
My family founded the kingdom of Cinobubia, and ruled it for a thousand generations. We are known
as quicksilver due to the unique tint of our hair, and we loved the land and the people, and I believe,
they loved us.
In my 16th year a vicious dragon settled in the mountains to the north of our fair city, terrorising the 
villagers and even the capitol and demanding virgin sacrifices.
My father, the King, offered as is the custom half the kingdom and his daughter's hand in marriage to whoever
could defeat the dragon. That would be me. Some tried, all failed. 
Then after months of suffering a beautiful young mage named Darla Blake arrived in town and set out to slay the dragon and gainst all odds she succeeded where all others had failed...She returned to a heroes welcome by the people - ready to claim her reward.

My father however was a traditionalist and quite conservative. He simply could not bare the thought of his
daughter marrying a woman... personally, I wouldn't have minded - she was quite gorgeous then. Furious Darla
swore that she would return to claim her rightful rewards and left the kingdom.
Many years passed and her threat was virtually forgotten - until she arrived back in the kingdom 2 years ago.

She was no longer just a mage, she had devoted the years to the study of necromancy, and become incredibly powerful - and she had changed her name to Dak Bleth.
As she stood in the town square by the fountain she declared that she had come to claim her reward - with interest. She would demand the entire kingdom now. The guards tried to attack her, and even my father's wizards hurled spells at
her but all bounced off harmlessly. She just laughed and left. The next day, people started to get ill, for five days 
it continued - with everybody in the country getting more and more ill, many were close to death by then.
That's when she reappeared at the fountain, with a cart full of small vials of medicine. Those who took it instantly
felt better, but she refused to give any to my father. 
She then announced that she responsible for this plague - and that there is no cure, the medicine merely wards it off, you must take it every 7 days, or you will die on the eigth. Three days later, her promise was proven when my father passed away - with the entire country held hostage - she took the throne and crown, and demanded I marry her
lest she with-hold the medicine from the entire population. Everybody who crosses the borders of our lands are immediately infected - including all of you.

Over the past two years her power has grown, but marrying me and making me the other queen was her one mistake. There
is no love lost between me and my wife now. Knowing that her rulership is held onto by blackmail - she is paranoid and
irritable. But her power is almost complete, if she suspects somebody of betraying her - they die, and she does not even have to find them - she merely writes his name on a list, and when the guards hand out the weekly vials of medicine every Friday, they don't receive theirs.

I have spent the past two years secretly studying her, trying to find out how she may be defeated, and now, I have the means - but I cannot act myself. If I leave the pallace for more than a few hours she will notice I'm gone and I will find myself on the black list as well. This is why I need your help, if you can collect the items we need - you can
take up to a week each time, just be sure to get back by Friday.
You could spend the rest of your lives here, under the heel of an ever-more insane tyrant who could execute you by merely writing your name... or you could work with me
and end her scourge.

Very well, if you are with me - then we are agreed. There is some money in here for you, take it and go into town and visit the shops. Buy what you'll need for
heading into dangerous territories and fighting some tough enemies. Then return here to me when you're done, and I'll tell you more.



----------------
Chapter 2: The four relics.
Welcome back my friends. I see you are better equiped now. 
Before you left I told you I had learned a way to defeat Dak Bleth. I studied her over the years, it was not easy - she never keeps two pieces of information together and everything
is written in codes to ensure that even what I find is hard to decypher, but ultimately I learned why nobody could harm her. She is protected by an incredibly powerful divine shield. She created it by draining the essences of four powerful artifacts of four powerful gods. Each artifact retains only a small bit of it's former power now - the rest fuels the most
powerful protective spell ever crafted. The artifacts, as godly posessions tend to, crave their power back and if any of them is brought in contact with her will syphon it's power back - but the other three will counter it and prevent it's success. The only way to destroy the shield is to hit her with a weapon crafted from all four weapons - so each syphons it's power back at the same time.
She knows this, and to prevent it happening she gave each of the artifacts to one of her most trusted leutennants - those who had helped her rise to her great power in the years
leading up to this, to protect and as rewards for even with their small power now they remain very powerful items to posess. You will need to defeat them all, one by one, never taking
more than a week - and retrieve all four artifacts. When you have them, we will craft an exceptional weapon from them - and that is what we can kill her with.

The first artifact we need was once part of something more. The goddess of music, Ayamahspeto, I see our Bard recognizes the name - once had a harp that could play the song of every person's soul with each string. One day however, a string broke and snapped with such force that before Ayamahspeto could grab it, it fell to earth. There it's power passed among several people. Some musicians strung their instruments with it. Sometimes bowmen would string their bows with it - in all cases it would give them powerful effects - and it is
said to have a peculiar musical power even as a bowstring.

My friends - I need you to retrieve the g-string of Ayamahspeto.

Unfortunately - I don't know it's location, nor any of the others, I have the information - carefully collected and copied down but I have not been able to break the codes. So 
before you can set out you must work out what the code means to find out where it is hidden. I can tell you  what I have learned breaking other of her codes that each code often contains within it's riddles a clue to how to solve it as well - if you're able to spot it.

The code for the location of Ayamahspeto's g-string is:
Remember ye the fable
The adolescent Bardulf
The Balgair from the east.
Turn ye now the table.
34 74 68

***Once they break it***
Of course - the sewers, it makes you wonder what sort of creature this leutennant of her is that it should seek such a refuge. The sewers are locked up - but I know who has the key.
The caretaker Slarti. I see the sun has set, you will find him at Moe's tavern now - you need to get the key off him, but try not to make a scene - you cannot afford to have the 
guards identify you or your names will be blacklisted as well.